Add paginated lists (#1241)
mirage/irmin: CHANGES.md

  - Make `Tree.fold` more expressive and ensure it uses a bounded memory
    (#1169, @samoht)

>   - Changed `list` and `Tree.list` to take an optional `offset` and `lenght`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Changed `list` and `Tree.list` to take optional `offset` and `length`
```
